infos

---

CORS = browser-enforced Same-Origin Policy: a web page at origin (scheme+host+port) is blocked from reading responses from a different origin unless the server includes appropriate Access-Control-Allow-* headers. Non-simple requests trigger a preflight OPTIONS request first.

Host-address (network) issue: localhost inside a container is the container itself, not the host machine. A server bound only to localhost (127.0.0.1) inside a container isn't reachable from outside the container. To accept external connections bind to 0.0.0.0 or use container/host networking (host.docker.internal from some Docker setups).

How these combine and why you saw a blank page

If the frontend can’t reach the backend (connection refused or timeout) the app may fail to load data and render blank.
If the frontend does reach a backend on a different origin but that backend doesn’t set Access-Control-Allow-Origin, the browser blocks the responses (CORS) and the app fails.
Running in a dev container often introduces both problems: wrong host binding (network unreachable) and cross-origin requests (different origin → CORS).

Why the changes fixed it

server.host = '0.0.0.0' lets Vite serve the app on the container’s external interface so the browser can load it.
Using a relative /api in development lets Vite’s dev-server proxy forward API calls to the backend while the browser sees the same origin (no CORS), avoiding both reachability and CORS friction.

Other ways to fix or diagnose

Enable CORS on the backend (Node/Express quick example):
npm install cors
In server.js: const cors = require('cors'); app.use(cors());
Or point the frontend at the host backend explicitly (from inside container use http://host.docker.internal:3000/api or the host IP).
Verify in browser DevTools: Network tab (connection errors / blocked by CORS) and Console (CORS error messages are explicit).
If you want, I can add a short README note with recommended VITE_API_URL examples and the cors snippet.

---

https://www.radio-browser.info/
https://backups.radio-browser.info/

---